This document outline the structure of the tool to be implemented in POEM which can accommodate change sea levels.

Process of a simulation

1 - Start model(MOM-SIS2, later coupled system)
2 - After some time (10yrs, 50 yrs?), stop, write out restarts
3 - During pause:
	1 - Run PICO/PISM-VILMA (Antarctic & NH) - what will be the mass flux for the next ocean-sea ice run?
	2 - Data from VILMA (bathymetry changes)
	3 - Are any cells now land/ too shallow to be ocean? Make land
		Are any cells now negative (ocean)? Check surrounding eta to determine if this cell becomes ocean or not.
	4 - Column thickness of ocean - is it too shallow/unstable? (time to change to land?)
	5 - Change in ice sheet extent - land/sea mask changes?
	6 - Any new ocean cells? (MPI only allow new cells to appear/disappear if they were previously coastal)
	7 - Are all ocean cells valid (no isolated blobs, can they advect)?
	8 - Are there straits/passages that should be open? Parameterise with crossland mixing?
For next run
	8 - Re-generate exchange grids and mosaics
	9 - Modify ocean and sea ice restart files (mass, tracers).
	9 - *Regenerate river-routing fields for land model* ! This is not yet automated. Requires manual corrections. 
	10 - Create fields for fluxes to/from PICO-PISM


Notes on idividual tasks

2.0 - Variables that will/may need to be edited in restart: 
	  MOM.res.nc: Temp, Salt, h, ave_ssh, sfc, h2
	  ice_model.res.nc: h_ice, Look up each variable - they are poorly named.

3.1 - PICO-PISM run in series rather than parellel. 

3.2 - Data from VILMA needs to be processed and regridded to the MOM grid.
	  The regridding process will likely result in a noisy field and may need smoothing.
	  After this it will be important to check we have not erroneously created land or 
	  ocean where it should not exist. Comparisons between the old and new topog can also be done.
	  Are the changes large enough that they won't be wiped out by smoothing/ regridding?

3.3,4,5,6 - Which tool/ software to use to implement conservative redistribution of mass? (cdo? Fortran program?)
	  variables required: cell_area, h (thickness), T, S, eta
	  Take/give mass/tracers from a halo of surrounding cells?
	  What should be the min. depth for a new ocean cell? 1m? 5?